Info on custom Docker images or a binary for GraphQL engine (#4828)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/deployment/index.rst

You can also check :ref:`guides_deployment` for more specific examples.

.. admonition:: Custom Docker images or binaries

>   If you need a custom Docker image or binary for GraphQL engine, please see :ref:`Custom Docker images or binaries <custom_docker_image>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If you need a custom Docker image or binary for GraphQL engine, please see :ref:`this page <custom_docker_image>`
```
